# Emacs-latexdiff

Latexdiff is a minor mode for Emacs to interact with [Latexdiff](https://github.com/ftilmann/latexdiff) for version controlled
repositories.

## Requirements
latexdiff requires Emacs-24.4 or later
and optionnaly [Helm](https://github.com/emacs-helm/helm).

## Install

#### Installing latexdiff
Install `latexdiff` from your package manager or from
[the official website](https://github.com/ftilmann/latexdiff).
latexdiff uses `latexdiff-vc' so make sure it is available.

#### Installing latexdiff from git
  1. Clone the `latexdiff` repository to some directory:

```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/galaunay/emacs-latexdiff.git /path/to/latexdiff/directory
```

  2. Add to `.emacs.el` (or equivalent):

```elisp
    (add-to-list 'load-path "/path/to/latexdiff/directory")
    (require 'latexdiff)
```

#### Installing latexdiff from MELPA

```elisp
(package-install 'latexdiff)
```

## Configuration
latexdiff faces and behaviour can be customized through the customization panel :

```elisp
(customize-group 'latexdiff)
```

latexdiff does not define default keybindings, so you may want to add
some :

```elisp
(define-key latex-mode-map (kbd "C-c l d") 'helm-latexdiff)
```

or for Evil users:

```elisp
(evil-leader/set-key-for-mode 'latex-mode "ld" 'helm-latexdiff)
```

## Basic usage

 - `latexdiff` will ask for two tex files and generates a pdf diff between them, this is the only function that work outside of a repository.
 - `latexdiff-vc` (and `helm-latexdiff-vc`) will ask for a previous commit number and make a pdf diff between this version and the current one.
 - `latexdiff-vc-range` (and `helm-latexdiff-vc-range` will ask for two commits number and make a pdf diff between those two versions.
 - `helm-clean` will remove **All** file generated by latexdiff (pdf included).

## Contributing
The project is hosted on [github](https://github.com/galaunay/emacs-latexdiff).
You can report issues or make pull request here.

To run the tests you will need to install cask, then:

```bash
$ cask install
$ make test
```

## Todo
 - Add support for other version-control software (currently only git repositories are supported, while latexdiff can handle more).
